spring-cloud-starter-stream-sink-task-launcher-cloudfoundry/README.adoc, before:

//tag::ref-doc[]
= TaskLauncher Cloud Foundry Sink

The TaskLauncher-CloudFoundry sink consumes a `TaskLaunchRequest` message, then
deploys and launches a task onto a Cloud Foundry instance using
the Cloud Foundry Spring Cloud Deployer.  With that being said a single
TaskLauncher-CloudFoundry can launch different
tasks based on the artifact that is specified in the `TaskLaunchRequest`.

== Input

=== Headers:

* `Content-Type: application/octet-stream`

=== Payload:

A  byte array containing the `TaskLaunchRequest`

== Output

N/A (deploys and launches task to a Cloud Foundry instance).

== Using the TaskLauncher

The task launcher deploys and launches a
link:https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-task[Spring Cloud Task] Boot
application as a task on the Cloud Foundry Platform based on contents from the
`TaskLaunchRequest` message that it receives. The `TaskLaunchRequest` contains
attributes that are used by the task launcher to execute the task:

* uri - contains the uri to the Spring Cloud Task Boot application artifact
that the task launcher will deploy to the Cloud Foundry Platform.
* commandLineArguments - list of commandlineArguments to be used by the
Spring Cloud Task Boot application.
* deploymentProperties - properties to be used by the task launcher to deploy
the task to the platform.

NOTE: Any message received by the sink, that does not contain a `TaskLaunchRequest`
      will log an error.

//tag::configuration-properties[]
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.api-timeout$$:: $$Timeout for blocking API calls, in seconds.$$ *($$Long$$, default: `$$360$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.domain$$:: $$The domain to use when mapping routes for applications.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.org$$:: $$The organization to use when registering new applications.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.password$$:: $$Password to use to authenticate against the Cloud Foundry API.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.services$$:: $$The names of services to bind to all applications deployed as a module.
 This should typically contain a service capable of playing the role of a binding transport.$$ *($$java.util.Set<java.lang.String>$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.skip-ssl-validation$$:: $$Allow operation using self-signed certificates.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$false$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.space$$:: $$The space to use when registering new applications.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.url$$:: $$Location of the CloudFoundry REST API endpoint to use.$$ *($$URL$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.username$$:: $$Username to use to authenticate against the Cloud Foundry API.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
//end::configuration-properties[]

== Build

```
$ mvn clean package
```

== Examples

The following example assumes a TaskLaunchRequest payload is sent to a default
destination called `input`, the sink retrieves the uri of the task jar, the
command line arguments, and deployment properties from the TaskLaunchRequest,
which it uses to deploy and launch the task.

```
java -jar task_launcher_cloudfoundry.jar --maven.remote-repositories.repo1.url=http://repo.spring.io/libs-snapshot --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.url=https://api.local.pcfdev.io --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.org=user-dataflow --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.space=development --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.domain=local.pcfdev.io --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.username=admin --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.password=admin --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.skipSslValidation=true --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.taskTimeout=300
```

== Remote Repositories
If the tasklauncher-cloudfoundry app needs to resolve artifacts from remote
maven repositories, be sure to set the `--maven.remote-repositories` properties.
For example:

```
java -jar task_launcher_cloudfoundry.jar --maven.remote-repositories.repo1.url=http://repo.spring.io/libs-snapshot
```

//end::ref-doc[]

Commit message:

Updated the build section of the readme

spring-cloud-starter-stream-sink-task-launcher-cloudfoundry/README.adoc, after:

//tag::ref-doc[]
= TaskLauncher Cloud Foundry Sink

The TaskLauncher-CloudFoundry sink consumes a `TaskLaunchRequest` message, then
deploys and launches a task onto a Cloud Foundry instance using
the Cloud Foundry Spring Cloud Deployer.  With that being said a single
TaskLauncher-CloudFoundry can launch different
tasks based on the artifact that is specified in the `TaskLaunchRequest`.

== Input

=== Headers:

* `Content-Type: application/octet-stream`

=== Payload:

A  byte array containing the `TaskLaunchRequest`

== Output

N/A (deploys and launches task to a Cloud Foundry instance).

== Using the TaskLauncher

The task launcher deploys and launches a
link:https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-task[Spring Cloud Task] Boot
application as a task on the Cloud Foundry Platform based on contents from the
`TaskLaunchRequest` message that it receives. The `TaskLaunchRequest` contains
attributes that are used by the task launcher to execute the task:

* uri - contains the uri to the Spring Cloud Task Boot application artifact
that the task launcher will deploy to the Cloud Foundry Platform.
* commandLineArguments - list of commandlineArguments to be used by the
Spring Cloud Task Boot application.
* deploymentProperties - properties to be used by the task launcher to deploy
the task to the platform.

NOTE: Any message received by the sink, that does not contain a `TaskLaunchRequest` will log an error.


== Remote Repositories
If the tasklauncher-cloudfoundry app needs to resolve artifacts from remote
maven repositories, be sure to set the `--maven.remote-repositories` properties.
For example:

```
java -jar task_launcher_cloudfoundry.jar --maven.remote-repositories.repo1.url=http://repo.spring.io/libs-snapshot
```

//tag::configuration-properties[]
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.api-timeout$$:: $$Timeout for blocking API calls, in seconds.$$ *($$Long$$, default: `$$360$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.domain$$:: $$The domain to use when mapping routes for applications.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.org$$:: $$The organization to use when registering new applications.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.password$$:: $$Password to use to authenticate against the Cloud Foundry API.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.services$$:: $$The names of services to bind to all applications deployed as a module.
 This should typically contain a service capable of playing the role of a binding transport.$$ *($$java.util.Set<java.lang.String>$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.skip-ssl-validation$$:: $$Allow operation using self-signed certificates.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$false$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.space$$:: $$The space to use when registering new applications.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.url$$:: $$Location of the CloudFoundry REST API endpoint to use.$$ *($$URL$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.username$$:: $$Username to use to authenticate against the Cloud Foundry API.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
//end::configuration-properties[]

== Build

```
$ ./mvnw clean install -PgenerateApps
$ cd apps

You can find the corresponding binder based projects here. You can then cd into one one of the folders and
build it:

$ ./mvnw clean package
```

== Examples

The following example assumes a TaskLaunchRequest payload is sent to a default
destination called `input`, the sink retrieves the uri of the task jar, the
command line arguments, and deployment properties from the TaskLaunchRequest,
which it uses to deploy and launch the task.

```
java -jar task_launcher_cloudfoundry.jar --maven.remote-repositories.repo1.url=http://repo.spring.io/libs-snapshot --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.url=https://api.local.pcfdev.io --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.org=user-dataflow --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.space=development --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.domain=local.pcfdev.io --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.username=admin --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.password=admin --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.skipSslValidation=true --spring.cloud.deployer.cloudfoundry.taskTimeout=300
```

//end::ref-doc[]
